know slashed afterwards is the corporation fado
[Applause]
in brasília 19 hours is not the voice of brazil did not want to be the
president 25th of july thursday here beside me our production company
pounds they angeles is everyone's knowledge and my right
the major of our military police of general jorge francisco and also
minister of the general secretariat the minister who is doing the first
worked with it for a long time but that his father worked for almost 20 years
with me we have 10 and have one of the most missions
difficult here in the presidency right he the mayor's law here he the person called
for any problem will help us to solve this area is debuting today
here welcome by the major is first right
we had floods in reef and metropolitan region
regretfully with moss we sympathize with family members
it is sad to find these if they happen but god protect god comfort the family
what if I just received a delegation of Chinese here
specifically the minister of business of china also an authority on the
Chinese party is talking about our trip at the end of October to China
the vice president recently had in china to also do a job of
approach recognition and china with our first trading partner
of the world, it does matter that we deepen our
negotiations with this important country and just to remember mine and china is
day 20 begins an activity of ours in salvador bahia
the sister canonization event dulce a catholic event
today we were invited and will attend brazil is a secular country
but we are Christians well in the morning I was in Manaus
I was there to open it to the council here is the sufframe, right, the superintendent
alfredo menezes was present the local mayor governor wilson
also the governors of roraima of rondônia and acre because the free zone
of manaus involves five I was mistaken in the region then present
discussing a lot of things of interest to the Amazon, I even reminded him
people already knew, obviously, the free zone was created in 1967 in the government
castello branco marechal castello in his strategic vision within that
policy is to integrate in order not to deliver the manaus free zone was created and will
remember white castle was elected president of the republic of brazil on the day
April 11, 1964 the roll-call vote in light of the constitution of 46 where inclusive
ulysses guimarães and juscelino kubitchek vote it for the open vote by electing
white castle and only took over on April 15, 64, receiving the presidency of the
hands of who raniery mazzilli who was then the mayor of the
deputies and joão goulart was left vacant in the presidency on April 2, 64
resolved by spontaneous desire to leave Brazil is a historical fact is also
also in 67 we had there
bm and left here free trade zone 67 too and we had the inauguration in 76 of
eduardo gomes airport the government of general medici and we have
also the inauguration of br 319, an important highway that connects there with
porto old rondonia our region amazonas the state of the sea of ​​the amazonas ale
has more than 70 and it would be an old claim because this asphalt over time
gone, there is no longer a practically impassable road and
through our minister there the tarcíso of and future he has already reserved resources
for as yet this year it started asphalting the table but we already have some
problems in some stretches with environmental licensing that our
boy stay the site leading to the satisfaction of this this question
I'm sure we will all win with the implementation of these works
there in the Amazon region, enjoy a play on the side here he had a
important meeting today to the military police authorities from all over brazil where
a decree came, we classified a lot in the military police and police corps
military firefighter major president today was an honor for me to participate in the meeting
representative bodies of military police officers and firefighters from all over the
brazil in são paulo together with the national council of commanders-general
from policing from military police to firefighters also over 700 policemen
military and firefighters from all over Brazil gathered and we had some good
news brought there is me representing you have at that event
it just cannot be in the function coming from manaus and present with us the
our governor of rio de janeiro and wilson pizza is the major olympian our
senator the pm general commander in são paulo
santa catarina that also represents all the commanders of brazil and when
do not mark that leads to the national federation of representative entities
colonel calls that the good helper we do not err in the legislation that
regulates the activity of the military police of the fire brigade throughout Brazil
by your determination it was yesterday signed a decree published today in the daily
union officer allowing military police and firefighters to
to act in activities of interest to the corporation and thus preserving all
your rights is in a civic-military schools here a beautiful project
that military police are doing shared management with several schools
the municipal and state network is for Brazil as a whole if today tv in
manaus that has an example is also very positive from this dilma school we
today but just for knowledge, right, you were now in a competition of
mathematics like that right there in japan and they were champions then
congratulations to our military police in the state of amazonas that you were
victors in this mathematical Olympiad in Japan and it fills us with pride is
with me also there representing the government is our environment minister
carlos ayres who also made the proposal today the ministry of the environment has more
of 300 conservation units with debts due to the icm bio and the forces
military personnel also routinely already employs policemen in and policing
so we made the proposal to allow
it is also employment of these policemen in these preservation areas that will be useful
for the environment is going to be more
effective use of the police with the resources that the environment already has and
finally we have many parliamentarians who are graduates of the military police
and fire brigades is in all the leaders and we got there too
the possibility that these policemen can assist the legislative power in the
federal district, municipal or state level
I was very well received by the military police truck with you for a long time
a long time I do have a great leader a great leadership and we announce more
there president announce years is a commitment that I've been making since
when he was a deputy and present a proposal in addition to the proposals that today
walked in the chamber and in the senate to guarantee with you speak rear
legal protection for public security professionals is a broader project that is
being built in partnership with the ministry of justice the ministry of
defense that will also guarantee the military of the armed forces when
employed in guaranteeing law and order and to military police officers
federal civilian road guards municipal when you are in the exercise
of the function that they have legal protection from the state so that they don't
become so fragile, that is to say the policeman after serving a
mission by superior determination may be the commander of the military police of the
governor a court decision he comes home
to sleep and the next day he receives a medal and not the visit of an officer of
justice to subpoena you to answer the case so this applies in this
our proposal that will go through the parliament chamber and federal senate
we want to do the same thing with your loved ones called gee emissions
guaranteeing body of the law of order integrating things but the same thing
buy the mission he will be decorated and not sue I intend even more
of the bill goes through the bed has to go through the chamber by the senate
okay is self-defense what is the expansion of self-defense
in this defense then you you armed citizen a cool obviously energy
defense of your life from others of your heritage
the third of your property the third you can shoot
it doesn't matter what constitution is going to give and you enter then not excluding
illegality you answer but there is no punishment
it happens to develop for example united states
nobody wants to invent anything here is our way of reacting and fighting
the violence in our brazil the good citizen cannot continue is
how many want here in Brazil to be a lamb
in this sea of ​​wolves that we have ahead it is done president was very well
received and this is an agenda that unites all security professionals
be federal military civilian and quasi-municipal military police officers
of the armed forces and a proposal that they have long longed for this
expansion of this legal guarantee many feel there is simply that
the state turns its back on cowardice many times that the state does with young people
police and military personnel are placed in a confrontational situation and when in some
moment is there is something that gets out of control because there is obviously mostly
of cases the intention of the police and make the cerrado of yours but this happens a
real situation they are completely helpless
sometimes money is spent colleagues have to materialize to get
lawyers all so in the matter of truth a defense
we have already forwarded through that first suggestion from the ministry of
justice the minister live at the congress a relaxation a new reading of the
concept of self-defense but so far doing something broader and
aimed at public security and military professionals from the
armed with exercise of the function today in caracas begins the forum meeting
from são paulo these people never give up
they want to steal much more than our assets want to steal our freedom and
make it very clear it was only paulo born in 1990 the pt was there with the farc forces
Colombian revolutionary armed forces are the worst in the world
was already in 90 and now they are meeting again in caracas looking for ways
to become victimized and come back, you know, to get back to politics stronger, you obviously
what quality in all this and asking God and doing our part is that Brazil doesn’t
become a venezuela so it was from são paulo enough to enjoy
that about obliged to advertise here the first lady michelle and michelle
that was in the cell because she has rightly complained there is a lot of fake
not even using her name as i live too this one was in the first lady
there were 174 thousand subscribers here who can register her work
basically aimed at people with disabilities in brazil is because my
wife was not a wonderful job even before she was first lady so
congratulations to michelle emotional and who were able to sign up here
logically if it doesn't grow enough i'll have a reward today it's up to
who knows today is improved is not thinking about the afternoon today is improved
sidnei that the major I am the major captain who was in the
active i will do
(Laughter) I know there was a young woman who saw the lack of
30 favor instagram michelle with two of them bolsonaro and thanks guys
ahead here right I don't earn 6 thousand a month as
that presenter who has already moved to 600 is right but everything I think I’m
giving the message here the correction of hackers today
obviously we have information keep me informed via my wall ministry
and who gives the information first hand and I just after disclosing that what
I say my phone was there in the group in this group of these four racks
today there are days when you integrated that when you saw back
and obviously Brazil with law, these people confirm everything that happened
here has to be held responsible on my part I have no
concern about invasion on my phone that the information what I have
Tocantins' treaty being strategically reserved for Brazil
we talked personally here not only with the minister the authorities even from
outside of brazil so we have no problem when it comes to
this because I think that even the angel of the election week I have been
snooped on by someone from inside and outside of brazil would be childish to
our part but if anyone has a particular thing it was bypassed public
regrets there is a crime the invasion of phones and certainly the justice
Brazilian will give a good position for this for these people is yesterday
we did the provisional measure the release of part of the fgts I will not
go into detail a lot of people complained about socceroos de
arrifana it makes clear the conditions for
withdrawals from the fgts are 15 currently 15 unfair dismissal retirement
death aged 70 years or over
the question of the cause of home ownership we put in the 16th and that it is optional to complain
who is complaining is just stay at yours stay at home quietly no problem
now there are a lot but a lot of people that 500 reais is missing even from the spc list
among others there who is an account holder of the savings bank
the money will be credited automatically only if he wants to
return and return does not make use without any problem
we aim to reach exactly the poorest, right
around 80 percent of those who have a fgts account for you 80% have 500
have less already know how much will help I remember the time of lieutenant captain
any without there being another 200, you know, that came in one way from another it was mine
in the domestic budget was very welcome as a captain in the army imagine
who has a salary is less than the theme of inconsistency in his professional life
well result of the last the best result of unemployed in the last
five years we hit with access and eight thousand new
jobs excluding those who lose the job that started with 68 thousand more
jobs in the economy will react to critical hunger is often what had to
michel government fear he made a reform of the clt
I made it clear a proposal was ready and I voted in favor, make it very clear
there if they had not been approved back there with certainty today maybe not
we had a recovery of the small 408 thousand new jobs is more
recovery would be much less
evidence that for some it is chemotherapy so I would like it not
if the reform was done more squid tried latoy dilma tried michel
fear also tried and failed it really is not easy has a lot of reaction
but passed a wide margin of voting in the chamber
all right and this is a signal for investors from outside and inside that the
Brazil is concerned with doing homework, we are spending a lot more
of what we collected I now had with the governor of the amazonas took measures
also drastic with regard to the state public servant and he said the same
thing if you don't do that the state breaks and we have been in brazil in a situation
quite complicated with my money is complicated yet goiás has
talked to caiado ok rio grande do sul also have problems among others
states this leaf grew too much the number of servers
there came a point that states are also very much spending a lot more
with the public servant, right between active and inactive people, which allows
tax liability law and something has to be done if you do anything
breaks breaks everything and ours is ours our reform did not reach the poor
okay it doesn’t reach the poor so they can rest assured that we’ll
obliged to do and Brazil will not understand it will take off in the economy is is the
from next year if god wanted it is already showing signs of recovery
since now on tuesday we also launched the new gas market
the simple announcement of this has already fallen is the price of gas at the source and you know that
many people do not reach the end of the line but with the breaking of the monopoly it is in the
Regarding distribution and transport, the trend is for the price to fall in the medium term
we hope it works out we are sure it will work out here
the change in the national drug count before drugs
continuation of drugs only that some criticizing I had there
I'm not sure here the 80 90 people on that board
reduced to approximately 20 I would ask you right pt would need
really to have here at the conad representative of the une to talk about the
anti-drug policy the joke by someone from the UN drug policy a joke
it was not we know that their position is also the representative of the artistic milieu
we also cut the Czech half also in a complicated fashion that a board
smaller more leaner more select we are able to discuss a good policy
drugs that are really good for all of us Brazilians here and when
speak in artistic media make it very clear and last week I stayed the film
bruna surfistinha made with public money and which has already been spent
money is done the pot we have no way to go back for everything it seems
that there but today it was announced look how all the ancine works right
a release of 530 thousand will make a film with me look at the guys or cool
nice I don't have this could all about the sine sine
we have positions that are is elective don't have a date I can't take one of
directly interfere in if it makes it very clear who Brazil wants to do
movie bruna surfistinha whoever is at ease
this if interference forces no censorship what we cannot
admit we don't want is that kind of film or political film of mine with that
a person who maybe even well-intentioned who was because it was doing it
with diana for it was conceived it has nothing we can’t agree with but then it’s okay
of course the decree has already transferred
josé jance do rio to brasília will stay here brasília here i will stay
I look at the people and even more after this announcement here and make a film with
public money my person ancine won another positive fo is
positive observed fact we will seek the extinction of ancine
there’s nothing that the public authorities don’t have to do to make films that have a
film company that privately without any problem
but the state will stop sponsoring this one after all I can't talk
names of many sponsored films here because they bid in the past
I can't talk because there is a child watching this live of ours can stay
at ease I will not speak are not being resolved there is no film with the scholarship
not even wearing jair bolsonaro claimed public money is for that we are not going
continue here the gas market this week to analyze the conare here
national refugee commission is that the national refugee council is
right she is subordinate to at least justice
sergio moura and we hunt the stage to swim for three terrorists
Paraguay wonders when this refugee status was granted and
when he kicks and when 2003 wants president squid it couldn't be another right
here you are making a haven of crooks of corrupt and terrorists is an example
de cesare battisti is already enjoying a perpetual holiday in italy is in a good
baptized lady there until when we have now in holy faith
i saved the president of bolivia some were scared is healthy and was with
I miss him and I complimented him at this point it’s physically that he when
cesare battisti was arrested in bolivia he is at all for italy this
terrorist responsible for four executions and he will definitely have a
life in the next 90 or 100 years then the
Brazil ceases to be a haven for bandits dressed as refugees
politicians here as long as you know the truckers today would go with me to
manaus our mister ciro has a lot to talk about but he keeps working at
cohesion of truck drivers in brazil we brothers who deserve respect and
consideration we know their importance and a
possible strike was stopped but continues to work to serve them for example
we revoke the new freight table is valid previous
other measures for them a project our regret in the chamber increasing the validity of
driver's license from 5 to 10 years is a good measure didn’t weigh well he not only
in relation to the driver's license, increasing traffic is a high cost, right?
for the truck driver for all drivers anyway but it weighs a lot the
worker is also a toxicology exam ending it which is a cost
very high is very much in the pocket of the worker in the day-to-day years that were
made with very little periodicity
is that it had a very strong impact and is lit did an excellent job of
to check within the traffic code everything that was possible to expand in terms
of legislation to give less weight is the load that is heavier than the car that the
workers only load truckers from 20 to 40 point
to ask for the situation card increasing there the ballast of points accumulated during
the period for 40 points this for those who are professional drivers and
travel 2 to 12 hours a day is very common to happen
unfortunately and ends up penalizing by taking the breadwinner out of the worker
humble at the tip of the tongue is not losing your driver's license and losing your
work card like that so who stays is all the time you
already made a trip I can say that I already did in rio-santos speed bumps around
40 kilometers per hour I promised if I’m doing my best to
end the fine to the manager, but the lawsuit saw there the holy spirit with the
justice who wants justice wants to keep the radar we're not negotiating maybe it's
pass it to me or reduce it to a thousand making it possible to put where
exactly must be placed on being signaled each registration by chance was
thousand really we go to the countless you are there for example on br 163 a radar has
one side 1,200 cannot the student 200 january in the south only a thousand in brazil
for me there would be nothing we are working on awaiting a response from
wall ministry and is doing a study i also want to put an end to the
mobile radars
the resolution is is a mystery is reviewing this procedure is a determination of the
president and also to realize that the inspection she was hidden from
union did not fulfill the educational effect it was just a fundraising purpose
the fines are high stacy is also being very zealous says
direct the installation of electronic inspection equipment
in a judicious technical manner where there is actually a risk of accident but of
signaled way so that it fulfills the educational effect not only the collective
we also put an end to it because a resolution of the simulator
I hope the camera does not vote now the law is mandatory in the simulator has a lot
spurious interest, I called it clear, okay, I hope, of course, I have
conviction that the chamber will not do this but without people there already wanting it is
completely misrepresent this project of ours that aims to serve all the
engines from brazil and also in a special part the truck drivers drivers of
bus and uberaba taxi couch is right in the correction of the 40 afonso and a
bigger thing take a hit me on my project I'm
putting it there and there is no car seat in the car to transport the child, right
he’s just a three point penalty in the wallet and he also criticizes saying that I
I made it easier for him to release the chairs in the code, there was a fine and
points in the car seat in the code quite the opposite this actually was
misinterpreted the information, the car seat didn’t have a
prediction in the legislation if I actually brought the prediction into law taking the
lipor is the solution foresees it was monetary punishment is your salida of the fine of
payment of the fine but the requirement of the car seat is not had stuck in god or
I brought this, legislation with a lot of responsibility
is one is an important instrument for protecting lives but as I said so
the ministry is being very without light really in verifying in the code of
transit that what can facilitate has only present idea the average price for the
obtaining a cnh with the current rules of two thousand reais 2 thousand reais is very
money for most of the Brazilian population and sometimes the car is mine
first month of work today person can work an app like 3d
application can start doing some kind of service
imagine a young man starting to get two thousand reais from where he is going to get this
money then the simulators and everything made it very expensive to grant this
driver's license the simulator plus or minus 300 reais a
less in the wallet and more still you are obliged
when you were doing the health exam there is a clinic with the DMV
in the project our approved case you can think of the football that the father of
your child with the neighboring army central hospital at any doctor putting
was that could we hope that all certainty that the
camera not in a mechanism quite the opposite, you know?
test our project and even include more than 15 13 people in bed
so in the Senate has a head to suggest more measures so that so
which is it is cheaper to leave I am even more I would be favorable I learned to
drive on the ten-storey farm to drive a tractor there on the São Paulo side
doing it here doesn’t enjoy it I think even more right I think not even
I had exam time of nothing is a written part only that will practice has not
going to school to do a lot there is something you already know what's going to happen
then the practical test and a test is literary writing that would not be the
enough to get a driver's license but let's leave that for
a second moment I think it's over here let's repeat on
after all i'm already home today depends on how many people
mna michelle michelle 120 employees will increase the cnaa of instagram
who is interested in having news first hand
regarding the disabled as the advantages were also joining the
advantages last week we had here with mion marcos the correction of the autistic
we sanction it here is the ibge project is in the next survey will do a
counting and knowing that it may not be very accurate at first but already
the bar will be a view roughly of how many autistic we
we have is in brazil the people closing thank you elisângela thank you minister
Jorge thank you for having followed up
the moment and let's go ahead that the Brazilian bet on the god bless the
our Brazil